### 651
A company stores a large volume of image files in an Amazon S3 bucket. The images need to be readily available for the first 180 days. The images are infrequently accessed for the next 180 days. After 360 days, the images need to be archived but must be available instantly upon request. After 5 years, only auditors can access the images. The auditors must be able to retrieve the images within 12 hours. The images cannot be lost during this process. A developer will use S3 Standard storage for the first 180 days. The developer needs to configure an S3 Lifecycle rule. 
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?
A. Transition the objects to S3 One Zone-Infrequent Access (S3 One Zone-IA) after 180 days. S3 Glacier Instant Retrieval after 360 days, and S3 Glacier Deep Archive after 5 years.
B. Transition the objects to S3 One Zone-Infrequent Access (S3 One Zone-IA) after 180 days. S3 Glacier Flexible Retrieval after 360 days, and
S3 Glacier Deep Archive after 5 years.
C. Transition the objects to S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA) after 180 days, S3 Glacier Instant Retrieval after 360 days, and S3 Glacier Deep Archive after 5 years.
D. Transition the objects to S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA) after 180 days, [[S3]] Glacier Flexible Retrieval after 360 days, and S3 Glacier Deep Archive after 5 years.

C
Images cannot be lost = high availability.

Unsupported lifecycle transitions ->
S3 One Zone-IA-Zone to S3 Glacier Instant Retrieval transition is not available
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/lifecycle-transition-general-considerations.html#:~:text=Archive%20storage%20class.-,Unsupported%20lifecycle%20transitions,-Amazon%20S3%20does
### 652
A company has a large data workload that runs for 6 hours each day. The company cannot lose any data while the process is running. A solutions architect is designing an [[EMR]] cluster configuration to support this critical data workload. Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?
A. Configure a long-running cluster that runs the primary node and core nodes on On-Demand Instances and the task nodes on Spot Instances.
B. Configure a transient cluster that runs the primary node and core nodes on On-Demand Instances and the task nodes on Spot Instances.
C. Configure a transient cluster that runs the primary node on an On-Demand Instance and the core nodes and task nodes on Spot Instances.
D. Configure a long-running cluster that runs the primary node on an On-Demand Instance, the core nodes on Spot Instances, and the task nodes on Spot Instances.

B
A transient cluster provides cost savings because it runs only during the computation time, and it provides scalability and flexibility in a cloud
environment.

### 653
A company maintains an Amazon RDS database that maps users to cost centers. The company has accounts in an organization in [[Organizations]]. The company needs a solution that will tag all resources that are created in a specific AWS account in the organization. The solution must tag each resource with the cost center ID of the user who created the resource.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Move the specific AWS account to a new [[Organizations#organizational unit (OU)|organizational unit (OU)]] in Organizations from the management account. Create a service control policy (SCP) that requires all existing resources to have the correct cost center tag before the resources are created. Apply the SCP to the new OU.
B. Create an AWS Lambda function to tag the resources after the Lambda function looks up the appropriate cost center from the RDS database. Configure an Amazon EventBridge rule that reacts to AWS CloudTrail events to invoke the Lambda function.
C. Create an AWS CloudFormation stack to deploy an AWS Lambda function. Configure the Lambda function to look up the appropriate cost center from the RDS database and to tag resources. Create an Amazon EventBridge scheduled rule to invoke the CloudFormation stack.
D. Create an AWS Lambda function to tag the resources with a default value. Configure an Amazon EventBridge rule that reacts to AWS CloudTrail events to invoke the Lambda function when a resource is missing the cost center tag.

A

### 654
A company recently migrated its web application to the AWS Cloud. The company uses an Amazon EC2 instance to run multiple processes to host the application. The processes include an Apache web server that serves static content. The Apache web server makes requests to a PHP application that uses a local Redis server for user sessions.
The company wants to redesign the architecture to be highly available and to use AWS managed solutions.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Use AWS Elastic Beanstalk to host the static content and the PHP application. Configure Elastic Beanstalk to deploy its EC2 instance into a public subnet. Assign a public IP address.
B. Use AWS Lambda to host the static content and the PHP application. Use an Amazon API Gateway REST API to proxy requests to the Lambda function. Set the API Gateway CORS configuration to respond to the domain name. Configure Amazon ElastiCache for Redis to handle
session information.
C. Keep the backend code on the EC2 instance. Create an Amazon ElastiCache for Redis cluster that has Multi-AZ enabled. Configure the ElastiCache for Redis cluster in cluster mode. Copy the frontend resources to Amazon S3. Configure the backend code to reference the EC2 instance.
D. Configure an Amazon CloudFront distribution with an Amazon S3 endpoint to an S3 bucket that is configured to host the static content. Configure an Application Load Balancer that targets an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) service that runs AWS Fargate tasks for the PHP application. Configure the PHP application to use an Amazon ElastiCache for Redis cluster that runs in multiple Availability Zones.
D
### 655
A company runs a web application on Amazon EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group that has a target group. The company designed the application to work with session affinity (sticky sessions) for a better user experience. The application must be available publicly over the internet as an endpoint. A WAF must be applied to the endpoint for additional security. Session affinity (sticky sessions) must be configured on the endpoint.
Which combination of steps will meet these requirements? (Choose two.)
A. Create a public Network Load Balancer. Specify the application target group.
B. Create a [[Gateway Load Balancer]]. Specify the application target group.
C. Create a public Application Load Balancer. Specify the application target group.
D. Create a second target group. Add Elastic IP addresses to the EC2 instances.
E. Create a web ACL in AWS WAF. Associate the web ACL with the endpoint

C E
NLB and GLB cannot handle sticky sessions. It's an application level concept (Cookies) so ALB works.
Elastic IP will negate sticky sessions and this combination won't work.
E give proper permissions to WAF

### 656
A company runs a website that stores images of historical events. Website users need the ability to search and view images based on the year that the event in the image occurred. On average, users request each image only once or twice a year. The company wants a highly available solution to store and deliver the images to users.
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?
A. Store images in Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS). Use a web server that runs on Amazon EC2.
B. Store images in Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS). Use a web server that runs on Amazon EC2.
C. Store images in Amazon S3 Standard. Use S3 Standard to directly deliver images by using a static website.
D. Store images in Amazon S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA). Use S3 Standard-IA to directly deliver images by using a static website.
D

### 657
A company has multiple AWS accounts in an organization in AWS Organizations that different business units use. The company has multiple offices around the world. The company needs to update security group rules to allow new office CIDR ranges or to remove old CIDR ranges across the organization. The company wants to centralize the management of security group rules to minimize the administrative overhead that updating CIDR ranges requires.
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?
A. Create VPC security groups in the organization's management account. Update the security groups when a CIDR range update is necessary.
B. Create a VPC customer managed prefix list that contains the list of CIDRs. Use AWS Resource Access Manager([[RAM]]) to share the prefix list across the organization. Use the prefix list in the security groups across the organization.
C. Create an AWS managed prefix list. Use an [[Security Hub]] policy to enforce the security group update across the organization. Use an AWS Lambda function to update the prefix list automatically when the CIDR ranges change.
D. Create security groups in a central administrative AWS account. Create an AWS Firewall Manager common security group policy for the whole organization. Select the previously created security groups as primary groups in the policy.

A managed prefix list is a set of one or more CIDR blocks. You can use prefix lists to make it easier to configure and maintain your security groups
and route tables. You can create a prefix list from the IP addresses that you frequently use, and reference them as a set in security group rules and
routes instead of referencing them individually. If you scale your network and need to allow traffic from another CIDR block, you can update the
relevant prefix list and all security groups that use the prefix list are updated. You can also use managed prefix lists with other AWS accounts using
Resource Access Manager (RAM).
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/managed-prefix-lists.html#:~:text=A-,managed%20prefix,-list%20is%20a

### 658
A company uses an on-premises network-attached storage (NAS) system to provide file shares to its high performance computing (HPC) workloads. The company wants to migrate its latency-sensitive HPC workloads and its storage to the AWS Cloud. The company must be able to provide NFS and SMB multi-protocol access from the file system.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST latency? (Choose two.)
A. Deploy compute optimized EC2 instances into a cluster placement group.
B. Deploy compute optimized EC2 instances into a partition [[placement group]].
C. Attach the EC2 instances to an Amazon FSx for Lustre file system.
D. Attach the EC2 instances to an [[FSx]] for OpenZFS file system.
E. Attach the EC2 instances to an Amazon FSx for NetApp ONTAP file system.
A E

A Because HPC equivalent in AWS is EC2. Cluster placement for low-latency: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/placement-
groups.html
E: ONTAP gives NFS and SMB which is required
AE is correct
B does not solve low latency requirements
C No support for NFS and SMB
D OpenZFS is not required
### 659
A company is relocating its data center and wants to securely transfer 50 TB of data to AWS within 2 weeks. The existing data center has a Site-to-Site VPN connection to AWS that is ==90% utilized==.
Which AWS service should a solutions architect use to meet these requirements?
A. AWS DataSync with a VPC endpoint
B. AWS Direct Connect
C. AWS Snowball Edge Storage Optimized
D. AWS Storage Gateway
C

[[Snowball Family]]
### 660
A company hosts an application on Amazon EC2 On-Demand Instances in an Auto Scaling group. Application peak hours occur at the same time each day. Application users report slow application performance at the start of peak hours. The application performs normally 2-3 hours after peak hours begin. The company wants to ensure that the application works properly at the start of peak hours.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Configure an Application Load Balancer to distribute traffic properly to the instances.
B. Configure a dynamic scaling policy for the Auto Scaling group to launch new instances based on memory utilization.
C. Configure a dynamic scaling policy for the Auto Scaling group to launch new instances based on CPU utilization.
D. Configure a scheduled scaling policy for the Auto Scaling group to launch new instances before peak hours.
D

### 661
A company runs applications on AWS that connect to the company's ==Amazon RDS== database. The applications scale on weekends and at peak times of the year. The company wants to scale the database more effectively for its applications that connect to the database.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?
A. Use ==Amazon DynamoDB== with [[connection pooling]] with a target group configuration for the database. Change the applications to use the DynamoDB endpoint.
B. Use Amazon RDS Proxy with a target group for the database. Change the applications to use the RDS Proxy endpoint.
C. Use a custom proxy that runs on Amazon EC2 as an intermediary to the database. Change the applications to use the custom proxy endpoint.
D. Use an AWS Lambda function to provide connection pooling with a target group configuration for the database. Change the applications to use the Lambda function.

A

Amazon RDS Proxy is a fully managed, highly available database proxy for Amazon Relational Database Service (RDS) that makes applications mor
resilient to database failures. Many applications, including those built on modern serverless architectures, can have a large number of open
connections to the database server and may open and close database connections at a high rate, exhausting database memory and compute
resources. Amazon RDS Proxy allows applications to pool and share connections established with the database, improving database efficiency and
application scalability. With RDS Proxy, failover times for Aurora and RDS databases are reduced by up to 66%

#useful 
### 662
A company uses AWS Cost Explorer to monitor its AWS costs. The company notices that Amazon Elastic Block Store ([[EBS]]) storage and snapshot costs increase every month. However, the company does not purchase additional EBS storage every month. The company wants to optimize monthly costs for its current storage usage.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?
A. Use logs in Amazon CloudWatch Logs to monitor the storage utilization of Amazon EBS. Use Amazon EBS Elastic Volumes to reduce the size of the EBS volumes.
B. Use a custom script to monitor space usage. Use Amazon EBS Elastic Volumes to reduce the size of the EBS volumes.
C. Delete all expired and unused snapshots to reduce snapshot costs.
D. Delete all nonessential snapshots. Use [[Data Lifecycle Manager]] to create and manage the snapshots according to the company's snapshot policy requirements.

D
### 663
A company is developing a new application on AWS. The application consists of an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) ==cluster==, an Amazon S3 bucket that contains assets for the application, and an Amazon RDS for MySQL database that contains the dataset for the application.
The dataset contains sensitive information. The company wants to ensure that ==only the ECS cluster can access== the data in the RDS for MySQL database and the data in the S3 bucket.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Create a new AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) customer managed key to encrypt both the S3 bucket and the RDS for MySQL database. Ensure that the KMS key policy includes encrypt and decrypt permissions for the ECS task execution role.
B. Create an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) AWS managed key to encrypt both the S3 bucket and the RDS for MySQL database. Ensure that the S3 bucket policy specifies the ECS task execution role as a user.
C. Create an S3 bucket policy that restricts bucket access to the ECS task execution role. Create a VPC endpoint for Amazon RDS for MySQL. Update the RDS for MySQL security group to allow access from only the ==subnets== that the ECS cluster will generate tasks in. (@ scope is little bit too wide for cluster to access)
D. Create a VPC endpoint for Amazon RDS for MySQL. Update the RDS for MySQL security group to allow access from only the ==subnets== that the ECS cluster will generate tasks in. Create a ==VPC endpoint== for Amazon S3. Update the S3 bucket policy to allow access from only the S3 VPC endpoint.
A

Not D: Would allow RDS access from whole subnet which may contain other resources besides the ECS cluster. Would allow S3 access from VPC
endpoint which might be accessed by other resources besides the ECS cluster.

### 664
A company has a web application that runs on premises. The application experiences latency issues during peak hours. The latency issues occur twice each month. At the start of a latency issue, the application's CPU utilization immediately increases to 10 times its normal amount.
The company wants to migrate the application to AWS to improve latency. The company also wants to scale the application automatically when application demand increases. The company will use AWS Elastic Beanstalk for application deployment.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Configure an Elastic Beanstalk environment to use burstable performance instances in unlimited mode. Configure the environment to scale based on requests.
B. Configure an Elastic Beanstalk environment to use compute optimized instances. Configure the environment to scale based on requests.
C. Configure an Elastic Beanstalk environment to use compute optimized instances. Configure the environment to scale on a schedule.
D. Configure an Elastic Beanstalk environment to use burstable performance instances in unlimited mode. Configure the environment to scale on predictive metrics.

A

- Burstable Performance Instances (T3 or T3a):
- Unlimited Mode: Enabling "unlimited" mode allows instances to burst beyond their baseline performance without accumulating CPU credits. This is important for handling sudden and sustained increases in CPU utilization during peak hours.
- Scale on Predictive Metrics: Configuring the environment to scale on predictive metrics allows AWS Elastic Beanstalk to proactively adjust the number of instances based on anticipated demand.

For those voting D, predictive scaling analyses historic data to predict the scaling needs. This scenario is a migration scenario so there won't be any historic data which is why D won't work. A (burst) is the only option after migration.
### 665
A company has customers located across the world. The company wants to use automation to secure its systems and network infrastructure. The company's security team must be able to track and audit all incremental changes to the infrastructure.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Use AWS Organizations to set up the infrastructure. Use AWS Config to track changes.
B. Use AWS CloudFormation to set up the infrastructure. Use AWS Config to track changes.
C. Use AWS Organizations to set up the infrastructure. Use AWS Service Catalog to track changes.
D. Use AWS CloudFormation to set up the infrastructure. Use AWS Service Catalog to track changes.
B
### 666
A startup company is hosting a website for its customers on an Amazon EC2 instance. The website consists of a stateless Python application and a MySQL database. The website serves only a small amount of traffic. The company is concerned about the reliability of the instance and needs to migrate to a highly available architecture. The company cannot modify the application code.
Which combination of actions should a solutions architect take to achieve high availability for the website? (Choose two.)
A. Provision an internet gateway in each Availability Zone in use.
B. Migrate the database to an Amazon RDS for MySQL Multi-AZ DB instance.
C. Migrate the database to Amazon DynamoDB, and enable DynamoDB auto scaling.
D. Use AWS DataSync to synchronize the database data across multiple EC2 instances.
E. Create an Application Load Balancer to distribute traffic to an Auto Scaling group of EC2 instances that are distributed across two Availability Zones.

BE

### 667
A company is moving its data and applications to AWS during a multiyear migration project. The company wants to securely access data on Amazon S3 from the company's AWS Region and from the company's on-premises location. The data must not traverse the internet. The company has established an AWS Direct Connect connection between its Region and its on-premises location.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Create gateway endpoints for Amazon S3. Use the gateway endpoints to securely access the data from the Region and the on-premises location.
B. Create a gateway in [[Transit Gateway]] to access Amazon S3 securely from the Region and the on-premises location.
C. Create interface endpoints for Amazon S3. Use the interface endpoints to securely access the data from the Region and the on-premises location.
D. Use an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) key to access the data securely from the Region and the on-premises location.

Ans is C: >>You can access Amazon S3 from your VPC using gateway VPC endpoints. After you create the gateway endpoint, you can add it as a
target in your route table for traffic destined from your VPC to Amazon S3.
There is no additional charge for using gateway endpoints. 

[[S3#Gateway endpoints]]

### 668
A company created a new organization in AWS Organizations. The organization has multiple accounts for the company's development teams. The development team members use AWS IAM Identity Center (AWS Single Sign-On) to access the accounts. For each of the company's applications, the development teams must use a predefined application name to tag resources that are created. A solutions architect needs to design a solution that gives the development team the ability to create resources only if the application name tag has an approved value.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Create an IAM group that has a conditional Allow policy that requires the application name tag to be specified for resources to be created.
B. Create a cross-account role that has a Deny policy for any resource that has the application name tag.
C. Create a resource group in AWS Resource Groups to validate that the tags are applied to all resources in all accounts.
D. Create a tag policy in Organizations that has a list of allowed application names.
D
A tag policy can also specify that noncompliant tagging operations on specified resource types are enforced. In other words, noncompliant taggin requests on specified resource types are prevented from completing.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/organizations/latest/userguide/orgs_manage_policies_tag-policies.html

#useful 
### 669
A company runs its databases on Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL. The company wants a secure solution to manage the master user password by rotating the password every 30 days.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?
A. Use Amazon EventBridge to schedule a custom AWS Lambda function to rotate the password every 30 days.
B. Use the modify-db-instance command in the AWS CLI to change the password.
C. Integrate AWS Secrets Manager with Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL to automate password rotation.
D. Integrate AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store with Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL to automate password rotation.
C
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/rds-secrets-manager.html

### 670
A company performs tests on an application that uses an Amazon DynamoDB table. The tests run for 4 hours once a week. The company knows how many read and write operations the application performs to the table each second during the tests. The company does not currently use DynamoDB for any other use case. A solutions architect needs to optimize the costs for the table.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Choose on-demand mode. Update the read and write capacity units appropriately.
B. Choose provisioned mode. Update the read and write capacity units appropriately.
C. Purchase DynamoDB reserved capacity for a 1-year term.
D. Purchase DynamoDB reserved capacity for a 3-year term.

B

With provisioned capacity mode, you specify the number of reads and writes per second that you expect your application to require, and you are
billed based on that. Furthermore if you can forecast your capacity requirements you can also reserve a portion of DynamoDB provisioned capacity
and optimize your costs even further.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/wellarchitected/latest/serverless-applications-lens/capacity.html
### 671
A company runs its applications on Amazon EC2 instances. The company performs periodic financial assessments of its AWS costs. The company recently identified unusual spending. The company needs a solution to prevent unusual spending. The solution must monitor costs and notify responsible stakeholders in the event of unusual spending.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Use an AWS Budgets template to create a zero spend budget.
B. Create an AWS Cost Anomaly Detection monitor in the AWS Billing and Cost Management console.
C. Create AWS Pricing Calculator estimates for the current running workload pricing details.
D. Use Amazon CloudWatch to monitor costs and to identify unusual spending.
B
AWS Cost Anomaly Detection is designed to automatically detect unusual spending patterns based on machine learning algorithms. It can identify anomalies and send notifications when it detects unexpected changes in spending.

> Anomaly : something that [deviates](https://www.google.com/search?sca_esv=3579ff24ad441571&sxsrf=ADLYWIKoqGGhcx5UZE0TZDgcXJufeosh0A:1731224992947&q=deviates&si=ACC90nwZKElgOcNXBU934ENhMNgqU2Fx67ZJwAPPvHoqsLzup65L8GnUPkHgakJJrfsaDMN2S2Ni6VdiGwmkzUmqyDLnPG86BCH7T_AMjpW7MobXgzJPFIw%3D&expnd=1&sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwjLmezVo9GJAxWXyzgGHTLOKwQQyecJegQIWxAO) from what is standard, normal, or expected.

#useful 
### 672

### 673
### 674
### 675
### 676
### 677
### 678
### 679
### 680

### 700


### 750


### 800
A company needs to create an AWS Lambda function that will run in a VPC in the company's primary AWS account. The Lambda function needs to access files that the company stores in an Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) file system. The EFS file system is located in a secondary AWS account. As the company adds files to the file system, the solution must scale to meet the demand. Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?

A. Create a new EFS file system in the primary account. Use AWS DataSync to copy the contents of the original EFS file system to the new EFS file system.

B. Create a VPC peering connection between the VPCs that are in the primary account and the secondary account.

C. Create a second Lambda function in the secondary account that has a mount that is configured for the file system. Use the primary account's Lambda function to invoke the secondary account's Lambda function.

D. Move the contents of the file system to a Lambda layer. Configure the Lambda layer's permissions to allow the company's secondary account to use the Lambda layer.
@ move to lambda layer? what is that?  what is lambda layer? application layer?

B

B -> VPC peering allows the Lambda access secondary account securely and efficiently
A -> redundancy
C -> additional complexity
D -> sharing code libraries

Tutorial: Mount a file system from a different VPC
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/efs/latest/ug/efs-different-vpc.html
