

### Question #351 Topic 1
A company is moving its data management application to AWS. The company wants to transition to an **event-driven architecture.** The architecture needs to be more distributed and to use serverless concepts while performing the different aspects of the ==workflow==. The company also wants to minimize operational overhead.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Build out the workflow in AWS Glue. Use AWS Glue to invoke AWS Lambda functions to process the workflow steps.
B. Build out the workflow in AWS Step Functions. Deploy the application on Amazon EC2 instances. Use Step Functions to invoke the workflow steps on the EC2 instances.
C. Build out the workflow in Amazon EventBridge. Use EventBridge to invoke AWS Lambda functions on a schedule to process the workflow steps. (Scheduled)
D. Build out the workflow in [[AWS Step Functions]]. Use Step Functions to create a state machine. Use the state machine to invoke AWS Lambda functions to process the workflow steps.

D

### Question #352 Topic 1
A company is designing the network for an online multi-player game. The game uses the UDP networking protocol and will be deployed in eight
AWS Regions. The network architecture needs to minimize latency and packet loss to give end users a high-quality gaming experience.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Setup a transit gateway in each Region. Create inter-Region peering attachments between each transit gateway.
B. Set up AWS Global Accelerator with UDP listeners and endpoint groups in each Region.
C. Set up Amazon CloudFront with UDP turned on. Configure an origin in each Region.
D. Set up a VPC peering mesh between each Region. Turn on UDP for each VPC.

Correct Answer:B

